## Final2025 SPRING EXAMN

This is an Harry Potter univers WRITERS-RPG. Where you can make your own caracter, play and talk to other caracters and write stories in combination
with others. You can both use your phone and your computer! Also checking out others profile, to se what others caracters backstory are like.

# Getting started

To download this project localy.

1. clonde the project by running the link: git clone [git@github.com:LinneaNatAlex/Final2024.git]
2. open the file
3. write in the console 'npm install' to download node moduals
4. type in 'npm run dev' to start the server
5. click the server!

# Useage

As mentioned, there is a countless possebilities. And what you do with it is all up to you.

1. make friends online
2. talk with people about their caracters.
3. join the conversation in live chat
4. joine the rpg live chat in RPG Great Hall
5. get to know the rules.
6. get inspiration.
7. there is also an admin role in the game. Having to render it in db to add it. When that is done, you are also able to write in the
   news container, and add daily content.
8. change your profiletext, with HTML CSS STYLING, OR SIMPLE TEXT to shorten it.

Feauture

1. live OOG out of game chat.
2. live rpg chat
3. newsfeed container, gater newsfeed
4. API gatering potions.

# Contributing

1. Fork the reposetory
2. crate a branch
3. type git add . in terminal
4. type git commit -m "text here"
5. type git push origin " your branch"

# License

This project is Licenced by MIT Licence.

#DISCLAIMER#
This content has been generated partley by ChatGpt, meaning the official RULE TEXT in both RPG page and Classoom.
Also the sorting questions and asweres are partly generated by AI

Contact
[linnalex1@gmail.com]

Link
Netlify (https://magicalhp.netlify.app/) Github (https://github.com/LinneaNatAlex/RPGpage.git)
